What was Tom Brady's first NFL team?
How many different teams has Kyrie Irving played for?
How many different NBA teams has Kevin Garnett played for?
Who was the director of the first Harry Potter movie?
Who was the longest-serving president in U.S. history?
Did Christopher Columbus come to the Americas in 1492?
Who is the shortest member in Blackpink?
What is the first Star Trek movie to feature the Next Generation cast?
Where was The Beatles' first US performance?
Who was Tim Duncan's first ever NBA championship against?
Which Studio Ghibli movie scored the lowest on Rotten Tomatoes?
Which country singer has sold the most units?
Which NFL teams have the most Super Bowl wins?
How many Lord of the Rings movies was Gandalf the White in?
How many members are there in Little MIx?
How many Grammys did Taylor Swift win in 2016?
How many UEFA Champions league has AC Milan won?
Who is the main character in Grand Theft Auto 5?
Which US city is known as the Mile High City?
What year was the first Superman movie released?
In what year was the first Harry Potter movie released?
Who played Detective Rick Deckard in Blade Runner?
What is the second largest lake in Australia?
Who was the last emperor of Russia?
Who was the 24th president of the United States?
Which Mario NES game sold the most copies?
Which movie did Gollum not survive in, in Lord of the Rings?
Which Wheel of Time novels were not completed before Robert Jordan's death?
Which Tibetan mountain has the second highest altitude?
Which current or former vice president of the U.S. is female?
Which country is one of the oldest countries in the world and is also bordered by Italy?
What was Neil Gaiman's second book that was written for children?
Which war lasted longer, the Korean War or WW II?
Did Grand Theft Auto 5 come out before 2015?
Did the first Fallout game come out before the first Wasteland game?
Did Risk of Rain 2 come out before 2021?
Did Tomb Raider come out before 1997?
Which 2005 Christopher Nolan movie does not star Hugh Jackman?
Which 2008 Christopher Nolan movie does not star Keanu Reeves?
Did Angela Merkel become prime minister before 2000?
Who had a female leader first, United Kingdom or India?
How many Hunger Games books were made into movies?
How many different teams has Kam Chancellor played for?
How many current members are in N.E.R.D?
How many US senators represent California?
Who was the first heavy metal band?
What was Stephen King's first published novel?
What is the second NBA team Michael Jordan played for?
How many Grammys has Janis Joplin won?
How many countries span the Sahara desert?
How many countries surround the Black Sea?
How many games are in the Call of Duty series?
How many games are in the Warcraft series?
How many oceans border Russia?
How many Grammys did Skrillex win in 2016?
How many NBA teams has James Harden played for?
How many NBA teams did Chris Paul play for?
How many Rocky movies has Sylvester Stallone appeared in?
How many Pulitzer Prizes has John Updike won?
How many books are in CS Lewis' Cosmic Trilogy?
How many Democrat governors has Colorado had since 2000?
How many books are in Stieg Larsson's Millennium novel series?
How many Formula 1 teams has Mick Schumacher driven for?
How many professional teams has Lionel Messi played for in his career?
How many presidents has Tanzania had so far?
How many playable characters are there in Grand Theft Auto 5?
How many Ratchet and Clank games have come out on PS5?
How many books are in the Oz series by L. Frank Baum?
How many kids does Queen Elizabeth II have?
How many Academy Awards did Black Panther win?
How Many Harry Potter movies did Alfonso Cuarón direct?
When did Carrie, Stephen King's first novel, come out?
When did the first Lord of the Rings book come out?
When did Reagan begin his second term presidency?
What is the first Spider-Man game on PS5?
Who was the last female monarch of Japan?
When did the first Chronicles of Narnia book came out?
Who was King Henry VIII's second wife?
When was the last eruption of Mauna Loa?
What are the first Pokémon games?
What was the name of the first album the Rolling Stones released after Brian Jones died?
Who was the 33rd president of the United States?
What is the last NBA team Michael Jordan played for?
What is the second NHL team that Wayne Gretzky played for?
Who was the first queen of Hawaii?
Who is the 17th Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court?
What was the first RPG in the Mario Bros. franchise?
What year did the Second World War end?
What was Michael Jackson's second Grammy for?
When did Al Gore first become vice president?
What is the best-selling PC game of all time?
Which Lord of the Rings book has the most pages?
The price of the most expensive book ever purchased?
What is the oldest college located in Massachusetts?
Who is the youngest person to win the Academy Award for Best Actor?
What is the most sold Harry Potter book?
What is the longest road in Arizona?
What is the smallest state in the U.S. by size?
Which Harry Potter movie is the longest?
What is the shortest song in the world?
What is the largest city in China by population according to the UN 2018 population estimates?
What is the longest underwater tunnel in Denmark?
Which city in Pennsylvania has the biggest population?
What is the largest forest in the world?
What book of the Bible has the most chapters?
Who is the oldest person to become president?
Who was the shortest British monarch in adulthood?
Who was the shortest-serving senator?
Which Asian country won the most Olympic gold medals?
What is the largest country in the world by total area?
Which book has the most written characters in the world?
Did Madden 21 come out before Red Ded Redemption?
Which series has more games, Mario Party or Mario Kart?
Did Fallout 4 come out before Borderlands 3?
Which team existed first, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays or the Los Angeles Angels?
Which team won more Super Bowls, the NY Giants or the NY Jets?
Did Halo 2 come out before 2002?
Did Gex come out before 1996?
Is Joe Biden older than Kamala Harris?
Which game was available on more platforms: Resident Evil or Resident Evil 2?
Who was born first, Kurt Cobain or Eddie Vedder?
Who is younger Selena Gomez or Ariana Grande?
Is Asia larger than Europe?
Does Harry Potter or Percy Jackson series have more books?
Did Donald Trump become president after 2020?
Which of Nefertiti's daughters is older, Meketaten or Setepenre?
Which country has a smaller population, France or Germany?
Which mountain in Brazil is smaller: Pedra da Mina or Monte Caburai?
Who died first, Biggie Smalls or Tupac Shakur?
Who is older, Drake or Lil Wayne?
Did Tony Blair become prime minister before 1994?
Did the first Tomb Raider come out before the first God of War?
Which movie was directed by Kevin Smith and was released in 1994 with a character named Brody?
Who directed The Room and starred as the movie's lead actor?
Which actress was in Hannibal as Clarice Starling and was born in Fort Bragg, North Carolina?
Which actor plays Ethan Hunt in the Mission Impossible series and was born in Syracuse, New York?
Which team plays at Oriole Park at Camden Yards and used to have Cal Ripken?
Which Basketball legend has AIDS?
Which team plays at Guaranteed Rate Field and used to have Marcus Semien?
Which Detroit Tiger's pitcher represented his team in the 2021 All-Star game?
Which book in the Harry Potter series was released in 1997?
Which book in the Harry Potter series was released in 2005?
Which story collection by Stephen King was published in 1993?
Which state is second largest by area and home to the 43rd president of the U.S.?
What mountain system is located in eastern to northeastern North America with a highest point named Mount Mitchell?
Which actor starred in Good Will Hunting and attended Harvard?
Which former WWE wrestling champion also won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games?
Which video beat Thriller for Video of the Year at the first-ever MTV Video Music Awards?
Which former member of Fifth Harmony is currently dating Shawn Mendes?
What country has the largest art museum and is home to the Eiffel Tower?
Who served as governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981, and as Attorney General of Arkansas from 1977 to 1979?
What book was published in 2019 and won a Pulitzer Prize in 2020?
Which MLB team is based in Texas and used to have Josh Hamilton?
Who is a member of Blackpink who was born in Thailand?
Which artist was a member of The Beatles and Wings?
What team plays at Lumen Field and used to have Doug Baldwin?
What river flows through both Austria and Romania?
Who is the owner of the Philadelphia Eagles?
Who composed the jazz composition Blood On The Fields?
What NBA team is located in Tennessee?
When was Halo: Combat Evolved first released?
What year did Louis Armstrong record the song What A Wonderful World?
Which NBA team did Yao Ming play for?
What city in France is nicknamed the City of Light?
What year did Harper Lee publish To Kill a Mockingbird?
Where was Conan from in Howard's Conan the Warrior?
How many children did Oedipus have with Jacosta?
What's the name of the main character in Great Expectations?
What script did the ancient Sumerians use to write on clay tablets?
In what country was the Inca civilization located?
When did the Achaemenid Empire end?
Where did the Great Emu War take place?
At what age did Nero the Roman emperor pass away?
What year did the American Revolutionary War stop?
When was the Maya civilization founded?
Which of Prince Charles sons did not marry someone from the UK?
What Aerosmith album did Joe Perry not play on?
Which Twilight Saga movie did Anna Kendrick not appear in?
Which 1997 Steven Spielberg movie does not star Jeff Goldblum?
Which Avengers movie did Loki not appear in?
Which of Donald Trump's wives was not born in Europe?
What governors of Ohio since 2000 have not been Republican?
Which country does not have more than 1,000 citizens?
What British queen never had children?
Which BioShock game was not developed by 2k Marin?
Which Obama daughter did not attend an Ivy League School?
Which official languages of the European Union do not use the Latin script?
Which country in North America does not have a population greater than 60,000?
Which Hawaiian island does not have an active volcano?
What governor of Montana was not a man?
Who was the only president who never got married?
What states did Franklin Delano Roosevelt not win in 1936?
How many states did Biden not win in 2020?
Which governor of New York was not a male?
What is a communist country that is not located in Asia?
How many Dark Tower series are there?
How many siblings does Ron Weasley have?
What year was the Lincoln Memorial built?
Was Dwayne Johnson in the movie Moana?
Who played the character Rocky Balboa in the Rocky movies?
What is the most populated city in the US?
What political party is Angela Merkel in?