What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Who killed Caesar?
What is the highest mountain in Germany?
Butch Otter is the governor of which U.S. state?
What is the profession of Frank Herbert?
How many seats does the home stadium of FC Porto have?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
Which country was Bill Gates born in?
How many grand-children did Jacques Cousteau have?
Which monarchs of the United Kingdom were married to a German?
How did Michael Jackson die?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
What is the highest place of Karakoram?
When did Finland join the EU?
Which actors play in Big Bang Theory?
Which computer scientist won an oscar?
Who wrote Harry Potter?
Give me English actors starring in Lovesick.
In which city was the president of Montenegro born?
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
What is the longest river in China?
What is the area code of Berlin?
How many moons does Mars have?
What is Batman's real name?
Who is the author of WikiLeaks?
When was Carlo Giuliani shot?
Who was the wife of President Lincoln?
How many awards has Bertrand Russell?
Is Pamela Anderson a vegan?
Which space probes were sent into orbit around the sun?
Who is the daughter of Robert Kennedy married to?
How many students does the Free University of Amsterdam have?
What is the revenue of IBM?
How many James Bond movies do exist?
Who does the voice of Bart Simpson?
Who was Tom Hanks married to?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
When did Michael Jackson die?
What is the highest volcano in Africa?
When did Dracula's creator die?
Who created English Wikipedia?
How deep is Lake Chiemsee?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Who were the parents of Queen Victoria?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Give me all American presidents of the last 20 years.
Whom did Lance Bass marry?
What languages are spoken in Pakistan?
Who is the daughter of Bill Clinton married to?
Who was on the Apollo 11 mission?
Who was called Scarface?
Which rivers flow into the North Sea?
Where is Fort Knox located?
What are the names of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Where does Piccadilly start?
When did Paraguay proclaim its independence?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
When was Jack Wolfskin founded?
In which city is the headquarter of Air China?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
When did the Boston Tea Party take place?
How big is the earth's diameter?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
Who is the governor of Texas?
Which movies did Kurosawa direct?
What was the name of the famous battle in 1836 in San Antonio?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
When was the De Beers company founded?
Who became president after JFK died?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Who is the novelist of the work a song of ice and fire?
In which studio did the Beatles record their first album?
When did princess Diana die?
Who founded Intel?
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
How many rivers and lakes are in South Carolina?
Who was called Rodzilla?
How many companies were founded by the founder of Facebook?
Which book has the most pages?
What is the largest state in the United States?
Who is the mayor of Rotterdam?
Who developed Skype?
In which U.S. state is Area 51 located?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
Which movies starring Brad Pitt were directed by Guy Ritchie?
Give me the grandchildren of Bruce Lee.
Who is the owner of Universal Studios?
Which state of the USA has the highest population density?
Who created the comic Captain America?
Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.
Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?
Who is the son of Sonny and Cher?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
Which U.S. states are in the same timezone as Utah?
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine?
What country is Sitecore from?
When was the Statue of Liberty built?
Who developed Minecraft?
Where did Hillel Slovak die?
What movies does Jesse Eisenberg play in?
What kind of music did Lou Reed play?
Where do the Red Sox play?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Who are the four youngest MVP basketball players?
How many movies did Park Chan-wook direct?
Give me all Apollo 14 astronauts.
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
What is the highest place of the Urals?
Who is the governor of Wyoming?
Who was married to president Chirac?
How high is the Yokohama Marine Tower?
Which movies star both Liz Taylor and Richard Burton?
Which pope succeeded John Paul II?
Who is the owner of Rolls-Royce?
When was Alberta admitted as province?
Give me all the TV shows with Neil Patrick Harris.
When were the Hells Angels founded?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
Who killed John Lennon?
In which city are the headquarters of the United Nations?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist?
Which U.S. states are in the same time zone as Utah?
Did Che Guevara have children?
Which country has the most official languages?
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located?
Which artists were born on the same date as Rachel Stevens?
What is Angela Merkel’s birth name?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Give me all Argentine films.
Give me all Dutch parties
Give me all female German chancellors
Who owns Aldi?
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
Which daughters of British earls died at the same place they were born at?
How many emperors did China have?
Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands
Which American presidents were in office during the Vietnam War?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
Are Taiko some kind of Japanese musical instrument?
Which frequent flyer program has the most airlines?
Which European countries have a constitutional monarchy?
Which countries have places with more than two caves?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
Which countries in the European Union adopted the Euro?
Which software has been published by Mean Hamster Software?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?
Which classes does the Millepede belong to?
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature.
What is the nick name of Baghdad?
How many scientists graduated from an Ivy League university?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
What is Elon Musk famous for?
Sean Parnell was the governor of which U.S. state?
How many years was the Ford Model T manufactured?
Give me all animals that are extinct.
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Which poet wrote the most books?
Give me all gangsters from the prohibition era.
Give me all spacecrafts that flew to Mars.
Show me all Czech movies.
Give me all taikonauts.
Which countries have more than ten volcanoes?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
Which books were written by Danielle Steel?
Who was influenced by Socrates?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
Are there any castles in the United States?
Give me a list of all critically endangered birds.
Give me all chemical elements.
Which subsidiary of TUI Travel serves both Glasgow and Dublin?
What is the wavelength of Indigo?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones
What is the name of the university where Obama's wife studied?
How short is the shortest active NBA player?
Which animals are critically endangered?
Which politicians were married to a German?
Is the wife of President Obama called Michelle?
When did Muhammad die?
What is the atmosphere of the Moon composed of?
Give me the official websites of actors of the television show Charmed.
How many calories does a baguette have?
Give me all libraries established before 1400.
Which beer brewing companies are located in North-Rhine Westphalia?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa.
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Show me hiking trails in the Grand Canyon where there's no danger of flash floods.
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
What were the names of the three ships by Columbus?
What is the capital of Cameroon?
Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep?